Number of executed test cases in 24 hours: 6,628,000
test case throughput relative to objective 8: 1.35 times

pre question 1: a forkserver introduces increased complexity into a fuzzer.
    Also it introduces the need for 3 running processes that need to coordinate
    which can lead to state corruption on common file descriptors within the process.
    Since there are 2 running processes for the target it's possible that coverage data can be simultaneously
    written to by both processes at once causing unpredictable behavior.

pre question 2: for short running processes that are not heavily IO bound a forkserver can have a huge
    impact on fuzzer throughput as is removes the need to replace a running process through an exec call on
    every iteration. However if the main bottleneck in execution speed is IO based operations such as reading files
    from disk it may have a marginal effect on throughput.

post question 1: I used the second recommended method with the --wrap= compiler option to rename the main method along with
    an __attribute__((constructor)) to catch the program at startup and wait for start signals from the fuzzer which are sent 
    though piped inputs.

post question 2: pipes were used due to their ease of implementation as well as providing safe and predictable ipc where processes can send
    messages between each other as well as providing process synchronization as read calls to the pipe wait for input from the other process before continueing.
    While using an alternative for ipc such as shared memory would be faster, not requiring any calls to the kernel like pipes do, they lack the benefit of synchronization
    and clever lock mechanisms would need to be implemented in order to prevent race conditions on the shared memory.

post question 3: it is unimportant whether system or fork is used to spawn the hooked target as this is only called once at startup which leads to no significant effect on the throughput.

post question 4: the 1.35 times while decent is nothing remarkable. This makes sense as the main bottleneck currently is that the fuzzer currently writes and reads from disk for both coverage data
    and process input, and using memory mapped files will most likely lead to a much larger speedup that the forkserver.

post question 5: if the fuzzer logic is moved from its own process to inside the target binary it would remove the need for one process as well as simplifying the IPC